Google Chromium Skia contains an integer overflow vulnerability that allows a remote attacker, who has compromised the renderer process, to potentially perform a sandbox escape via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability affects Google Chrome and ChromeOS, Android, Flutter, and possibly other products.
RealTek Jungle SDK contains multiple memory corruption vulnerabilities which can allow an attacker to perform remote code execution.
Linux Kernel contains a race condition vulnerability within the n_tty_write function that allows local users to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) or gain privileges via read and write operations with long strings.
Primetek Primefaces is vulnerable to a weak encryption flaw resulting in remote code execution
SIMalliance Toolbox Browser contains an command injection vulnerability that could allow remote attackers to retrieve location and IMEI information or execute a range of other attacks by modifying the attack message.
Microsoft Windows Adobe Font Manager Library contains an unspecified vulnerability when handling specially crafted multi-master fonts (Adobe Type 1 PostScript format) that allows for remote code execution for all systems except Windows 10. For systems running Windows 10, an attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerability could execute code in an AppContainer sandbox context with limited privileges and capabilities.
Google Chrome WebAudio contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to potentially exploit heap corruption via a crafted HTML page.
Microsoft Internet Explorer contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted web site that triggers access to an object that (1) was not properly allocated or (2) is deleted, as demonstrated by a CDwnBindInfo object.
Use-after-free vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Explorer allows remote attackers to execute remote code via a crafted web site that triggers access to a deleted object.
Apache CouchDB contains an insecure default initialization of resource vulnerability which can allow an attacker to escalate to administrative privileges.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS contain a time-of-check/time-of-use (TOCTOU) memory corruption vulnerability that allows an attacker with read and write capabilities to bypass Pointer Authentication.
Heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player allows remote attackers to execute code.
SAP NetWeaver contains a vulnerability that allows unrestricted file upload.
Microsoft Exchange Server allows for server-side request forgery. Dubbed "ProxyNotShell," this vulnerability is chainable with CVE-2022-41082 which allows for remote code execution.
Microsoft Windows Power Dependency Coordinator contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation, enabling a local attacker to obtain SYSTEM privileges.
Unspecified vulnerability allows for an authenticated user to escalate privileges.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen contains a security feature bypass vulnerability that could allow an attacker to evade Mark of the Web (MOTW) defenses via a specially crafted malicious file.
In MikroTik RouterOS, a stack-based buffer overflow occurs when processing NetBIOS session request messages. Remote attackers with access to the service can exploit this vulnerability and gain code execution on the system.
Ivanti Endpoint Manager Cloud Service Appliance (EPM CSA) contains a code injection vulnerability that allows an unauthenticated user to execute malicious code with limited permissions (nobody).
Dahua IP cameras and related products contain an authentication bypass vulnerability when the NetKeyboard type argument is specified by the client during authentication.
ThinkPHP contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for remote code execution via public//?s=index/\think\app/invokefunction&function=call_user_func_array&vars[0]=system&vars[1][]= followed by the command.
D-Link DWL-2600AP access point contains an authenticated command injection vulnerability via the Save Configuration functionality in the Web interface, using shell metacharacters in the admin.cgi?action=config_save configBackup or downloadServerip parameter.
A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in Windows when the Win32k component fails to properly handle objects in memory.
Zyxel P660HN-T1A routers contain a command injection vulnerability in the Remote System Log forwarding function, which is accessible by an unauthenticated user and exploited via the remote_host parameter of the ViewLog.asp page.
SonicWall SSLVPN SMA100 contains a SQL injection vulnerability that allows remote exploitation for credential access by an unauthenticated attacker.
The NETGEAR WNR2000v5 router contains a buffer overflow which can be exploited to achieve remote code execution.
Unspecified vulnerability in Oracle Java SE allows remote attackers to affect integrity via Unknown vectors related to deployment.
Citrix StoreFront Server contains an XML External Entity (XXE) processing vulnerability that may allow an unauthenticated attacker to retrieve potentially sensitive information.
Adobe Acrobat and Reader contain a stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability that allows remote attackers to execute code or cause denial-of-service (DoS).
Adobe Flash Player contains a XSS vulnerability that allows remote attackers to inject web script or HTML.
Microsoft Exchange Server contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for remote code execution. This vulnerability is part of the ProxyLogon exploit chain.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, and macOS WebKit contain a use-after-free vulnerability that leads to code execution when processing maliciously crafted web content. This vulnerability could impact HTML parsers that use WebKit, including but not limited to Apple Safari and non-Apple products which rely on WebKit for HTML processing.
Android kernel contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Microsoft Windows Cryptographic Next Generation (CNG) Key Isolation Service contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows an attacker to gain specific limited SYSTEM privileges.
The Authenticode Signature Verification function in Microsoft Windows (WinVerifyTrust) does not properly validate the digest of a signed portable executable (PE) file, which allows user-assisted remote attackers to execute code.
McAfee Total Protection (MTP) contains an improper privilege management vulnerability that allows a local user to gain elevated privileges and execute code, bypassing MTP self-defense.
A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in Windows when the Win32k component fails to properly handle objects in memory, aka 'Win32k EoP.
Progress MOVEit Transfer contains a SQL injection vulnerability that could allow an unauthenticated attacker to gain unauthorized access to MOVEit Transfer's database. Depending on the database engine being used (MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, or Azure SQL), an attacker may be able to infer information about the structure and contents of the database in addition to executing SQL statements that alter or delete database elements.
An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when the DirectX Graphics Kernel (DXGKRNL) driver improperly handles objects in memory.
Certain QNAP NAS running Photo Station with internet exposure contain an externally controlled reference to a resource vulnerability which can allow an attacker to modify system files. This vulnerability was observed being utilized in a Deadbolt ransomware campaign.
Spring, by VMware Tanzu, Cloud Config contains a path traversal vulnerability that allows applications to serve arbitrary configuration files.
VMware SD-WAN Edge by VeloCloud contains a command injection vulnerability in the local web UI component. Successful exploitation of this issue could result in remote code execution.
Atlassian Confluence Server and Data Center contain a path traversal vulnerability in the downloadallattachments resource that may allow a privileged, remote attacker to write files. Exploitation can lead to remote code execution.
Atlassian Confluence Data Center and Server contain an improper authorization vulnerability that can result in significant data loss when exploited by an unauthenticated attacker. There is no impact on confidentiality since the attacker cannot exfiltrate any data.
JBoss Seam 2 (jboss-seam2), as used in JBoss Enterprise Application Platform 4.3.0 for Red Hat Linux, allows attackers to perform remote code execution. This vulnerability can only be exploited when the Java Security Manager is not properly configured.
Microsoft Windows Scripting Engine contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for memory corruption.
GNU Bash through 4.3 processes trailing strings after function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute code. This CVE correctly remediates the vulnerability in CVE-2014-6271.
Adobe Acrobat and Reader contains an out-of-bounds write vulnerability that allows for code execution.
A remote code execution vulnerability exists when the Windows kernel-mode driver improperly handles TrueType fonts.
NETGEAR DGN2200 wireless routers contain a vulnerability that allows for remote code execution.
Arm Mali GPU Kernel Driver contains an information disclosure vulnerability that allows a non-privileged user to make valid GPU processing operations that expose sensitive kernel metadata.
Realtek AP-Router SDK HTTP web server boa contains a buffer overflow vulnerability due to unsafe copies of some overly long parameters submitted in the form that lead to denial-of-service (DoS).
Google Chromium V8 Engine contains an out-of-bounds write vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to potentially exploit heap corruption via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Windows when the Windows Adobe Type Manager Library improperly handles specially crafted OpenType fonts.
The kernel in Microsoft Windows allows local users to gain privileges via a crafted application.
A vulnerability in the command-line interface (CLI) parser of Cisco ASA software could allow an authenticated, local attacker to create a denial-of-service (DoS) condition or potentially execute code.
Microsoft Windows Internet Shortcut Files contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for a security feature bypass.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, and watchOS contain a memory initialization vulnerability that may allow a malicious application to disclose kernel memory.
A command injection vulnerability affecting QNAP NAS File Station could allow remote attackers to run commands.
The JMX-Console web application in JBossAs in Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Application Platform performs access control only for the GET and POST methods, which allows remote attackers to send requests to this application's GET handler by using a different method.
Zyxel EMG2926 routers contain a command injection vulnerability located in the diagnostic tools, specifically the nslookup function. A malicious user may exploit numerous vectors to execute malicious commands on the router, such as the ping_ip parameter to the expert/maintenance/diagnostic/nslookup URI.
EyesOfNetwork contains a use of hard-coded credentials vulnerability, as it uses the same API key by default. Exploitation allows an attacker to calculate or guess the admin access token.
Microsoft Windows SmartScreen contains a security feature bypass vulnerability that allows an attacker to bypass the SmartScreen user experience via a malicious file.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS, and Safari WebKit contain an unspecified vulnerability that can allow a remote attacker to break out of the Web Content sandbox. This vulnerability could impact HTML parsers that use WebKit, including but not limited to Apple Safari and non-Apple products which rely on WebKit for HTML processing.
Adobe Acrobat and Reader contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows for code execution in the context of the current user.
Google Chromium Blink contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to potentially exploit heap corruption via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
Adobe Reader and Acrobat contain a use-after-free vulnerability which can allow for code execution.
The Groovy scripting engine in Elasticsearch allows remote attackers to bypass the sandbox protection mechanism and execute arbitrary shell commands.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS contain an unspecified vulnerability allowing an app to modify a sensitive kernel state.
Microsoft Windows kernel contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Red Hat Polkit contains an incorrect authorization vulnerability through the bypassing of credential checks for D-Bus requests, allowing for privilege escalation.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer contain a memory corruption vulnerability that allows attackers to execute code in the context of the current user.
Exim contains a buffer overflow vulnerability in the base64d function part of the SMTP listener that may allow for remote code execution.
Samsung devices with selected Exynos chipsets contain a use-after-free vulnerability that allows malicious memory write and code execution.
The Code Aurora audio calibration database (acdb) audio driver contains a stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation. Code Aurora is used in third-party products such as Qualcomm and Android.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS contain an unspecified vulnerability that allows for code execution when processing a font file.
Microsoft Open Management Infrastructure (OMI) within Azure VM Management Extensions contains an unspecified vulnerability allowing privilege escalation.
VMware vCenter Server contains a file upload vulnerability in the Analytics service that allows a user with network access to port 443 to execute code.
An memory corruption vulnerability exists in the acroform.dll in Adobe Reader that allows an attacker to perform remote code execution.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Action View in Ruby on Rails allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
Microsoft Windows CSRSS contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation to SYSTEM privileges.
PHP, specifically Windows-based PHP used in CGI mode, contains an OS command injection vulnerability that allows for arbitrary code execution. This vulnerability is a patch bypass for CVE-2012-1823.
Microsoft Windows Runtime contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for remote code execution.
Microsoft Win32k contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Microsoft Windows Error Reporting Service contains an improper privilege management vulnerability that allows a local attacker with user permissions to gain SYSTEM privileges.
Netwrix Auditor User Activity Video Recording component contains an insecure objection deserialization vulnerability that allows an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute code as the NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM user. Successful exploitation requires that the attacker is able to reach port 9004/TCP, which is commonly blocked by standard enterprise firewalling.
Adobe ColdFusion contains a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability that could allow for code execution.
A cross-site scripting vulnerability affecting QNAP NAS File Station could allow remote attackers to inject malicious code.
LG N1A1 NAS 3718.510 is affected by a remote code execution vulnerability.
The Chakra JavaScript scripting engine in Microsoft Edge allows remote attackers to execute remote code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via a crafted web site.
Arm Mali Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) kernel driver contains an unspecified vulnerability that may allow a non-privileged user to gain write access to read-only memory, gain root privilege, corrupt memory, and modify the memory of other processes.
Juniper Junos OS on EX Series contains a PHP external variable modification vulnerability that allows an unauthenticated, network-based attacker to control certain, important environment variables. Using a crafted request an attacker is able to modify certain PHP environment variables, leading to partial loss of integrity, which may allow chaining to other vulnerabilities.
Mozilla Firefox contains a use-after-free vulnerability in WebGPU IPC Framework which can be exploited to perform arbitrary code execution.
SAP NetWeaver Application Server Java Platforms contains a missing authentication for critical function vulnerability allowing unauthenticated access to execute configuration tasks and create administrative users.
The futex_requeue function in kernel/futex.c in Linux kernel does not ensure that calls have two different futex addresses, which allows local users to gain privileges.
Pi-hole Web v4.3.2 (aka AdminLTE) allows Remote Code Execution by privileged dashboard users via a crafted DHCP static lease.
Setup script used to generate configuration can be fooled using a crafted POST request to include arbitrary PHP code in generated configuration file.
Google Chrome uses FreeType, an open-source software library to render fonts, which contains a heap buffer overflow vulnerability in the function Load_SBit_Png when processing PNG images embedded into fonts. This vulnerability is part of an exploit chain with CVE-2020-17087 on Windows and CVE-2020-16010 on Android.
Google Chromium V8 Engine contains a type confusion vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to potentially exploit heap corruption via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
Unspecified vulnerability in the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) component in Oracle Java SE allows remote attackers to affect confidentiality, integrity, and availability via Unknown vectors related to 2D
Microsoft Windows Mark of the Web (MOTW) contains a protection mechanism failure vulnerability that allows an attacker to bypass MOTW-based defenses. This can result in a limited loss of integrity and availability of security features such as Protected View in Microsoft Office, which rely on MOTW tagging.
Microsoft Exchange Server Validation Key fails to properly create unique keys at install time, allowing for remote code execution.
Ivanti Pulse Connect Secure Collaboration Suite contains a buffer overflow vulnerabilities that allows a remote authenticated users to execute code as the root user via maliciously crafted meeting room.
Dahua IP cameras and related products contain an authentication bypass vulnerability when the loopback device is specified by the client during authentication.
A security feature bypass vulnerability exists when Microsoft Office improperly handles input. An attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerability could execute arbitrary commands.
Google Chromium V8 Engine contains out-of-bounds write vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to execute code inside a sandbox via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
A remote code execution vulnerability exists in all series H/W revisions routers via the DDNS function in ncc2 binary file.
A remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the scripting engine handles objects in memory in Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox, Firefox ESR, and Thunderbird contain a use-after-free vulnerability in SVG Animation, targeting Firefox and Tor browser users on Windows.
Zoho ManageEngine PAM360, Password Manager Pro, and Access Manager Plus contain an unspecified vulnerability that allows for remote code execution.
Unraid contains an authentication bypass vulnerability that allows attackers to gain access to the administrative interface. This CVE is chainable with CVE-2020-5847 for remote code execution.
Microsoft Windows MSHTML Platform contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for remote code execution.
Oracle WebLogic Server contains a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability within Apache Commons, which can allow for for remote code execution.
A privilege escalation vulnerability exists when Windows Error Reporting manager improperly handles hard links. An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could overwrite a targeted file leading to an elevated status.
Microsoft Windows Scripting Engine contains a memory corruption vulnerability that allows unauthenticated attacker to initiate remote code execution via a specially crafted URL.
A code injection vulnerability exists in Pulse Connect Secure that allows an attacker to crafted a URI to perform an arbitrary code execution via the admin web interface.
Microsoft Office contains an object record corruption vulnerability that allows remote attackers to execute code via a crafted Excel file with a malformed record object.
Forced Object-Graph Navigation Language (OGNL) evaluation in Apache Struts, when evaluated on raw user input in tag attributes, can lead to remote code execution.
Microsoft Internet Explorer contains a memory corruption vulnerability that allows remote attackers to execute code in the context of the current user.
Android Framework contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Google Pixel contains a possible out-of-bounds write due to a logic error in the code that could lead to local escalation of privilege.
Roundcube Webmail contains an remote code execution vulnerability that allows attackers to execute code via shell metacharacters in a configuration setting for im_convert_path or im_identify_path.
Zimbra Collaboration Suite (ZCS) contains a cross-site scripting vulnerability impacting the confidentiality and integrity of data.
A privilege escalation vulnerability exists when Windows improperly handles authentication requests. An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could run processes in an elevated context.
Microsoft Windows Common Log File System (CLFS) driver contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Liferay Portal contains a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability that allows remote attackers to execute code via JSON web services.
Microsoft Office Excel allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a spreadsheet with a FEATHEADER record containing an invalid cbHdrData size element that affects a pointer offset.
TerraMaster OS contains a remote command execution vulnerability that allows an unauthenticated user to execute commands on the target endpoint.
Roundcube Webmail contains a persistent cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to run malicious JavaScript code.
The Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) subsystem of Cisco IOS and IOS XE contains a vulnerability that could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to remotely execute code on an affected system or cause an affected system to reload.
Microsoft Word allows attackers to execute remote code or cause a denial-of-service (DoS) via crafted RTF data.
Progress Telerik UI for ASP.NET AJAX contains a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability through RadAsyncUpload which leads to code execution on the server in the context of the w3wp.exe process.
Google Chromium V8 Engine contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to potentially exploit heap corruption via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
Adobe Reader and Acrobat contain a memory corruption vulnerability which can allow attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service.
Microsoft Windows Win32k contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Microsoft Windows Installer contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Fortinet FortiOS, FortiProxy, and FortiSwitchManager contain an authentication bypass vulnerability that could allow an unauthenticated attacker to perform operations on the administrative interface via specially crafted HTTP or HTTPS requests.
Atlassian Confluence Data Center and Server contains a broken access control vulnerability that allows an attacker to create unauthorized Confluence administrator accounts and access Confluence.
The GDrv low-level driver in GIGABYTE App Center, AORUS Graphics Engine, XTREME Gaming Engine, and OC GURU II exposes ring0 memcpy-like functionality that could allow a local attacker to take complete control of the affected system.
Citrix Content Collaboration contains an improper access control vulnerability that could allow an unauthenticated attacker to remotely compromise customer-managed ShareFile storage zones controllers.
F5 BIG-IP contains a missing authentication in critical function vulnerability which can allow for remote code execution, creation or deletion of files, or disabling services.
A vulnerability in the Cisco Cluster Management Protocol (CMP) processing code in Cisco IOS and Cisco IOS XE Software could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a reload of an affected device or remotely execute code with elevated privileges.
An authenticated user could manipulate attributes on computer accounts they own or manage, and acquire a certificate from Active Directory Certificate Services that would allow for privilege escalation to SYSTEM.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, tvOS, and Safari WebKit contain an integer overflow vulnerability that leads to code execution when processing maliciously crafted web content. This vulnerability could impact HTML parsers that use WebKit, including but not limited to Apple Safari and non-Apple products which rely on WebKit for HTML processing.
Tenda AC1900 Router AC15 Model contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows remote attackers to execute system commands via the deviceName POST parameter.
Microsoft Word and Microsoft Works Suites contain a malformed object pointer which allows attackers to execute code.
Microsoft Windows Print Spooler contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for remote code execution.
A vulnerability in the implementation of the PROFINET Discovery and Configuration Protocol (PN-DCP) for Cisco IOS could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload, resulting in a denial of service.
Microsoft Windows Common Log File System (CLFS) driver contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
IBM Data Risk Manager contains a directory traversal vulnerability that could allow a remote authenticated attacker to traverse directories and send a specially crafted URL request to download arbitrary files from the system.
Microsoft Office Publisher contains a security feature bypass vulnerability that allows for a local, authenticated attack on a targeted system.
Microsoft Exchange Server contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for remote code execution. This vulnerability is part of the ProxyLogon exploit chain.
Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe Flash Player allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service via crafted SWF content.
Trend Micro OfficeScan contains a directory traversal vulnerability by extracting files from a zip file to a specific folder on the OfficeScan server, leading to remote code execution.
Adobe Flash Player has a vulnerability in the way it handles a dereferenced memory pointer which could lead to code execution.
A vulnerability in WhatsApp Desktop when paired with WhatsApp for iPhone allows cross-site scripting and local file reading.
A SQL Injection vulnerability exists in U.motion Builder software which could cause unwanted code execution when an improper set of characters is entered.
The Veeam Distribution Service in the Backup & Replication application allows unauthenticated users to access internal API functions. A remote attacker can send input to the internal API which may lead to uploading and executing of malicious code.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, and watchOS contain an unspecified vulnerability that allows for local privilege escalation.
Mozilla Firefox and Thunderbird contain a race condition vulnerability when running the nsDocShell destructor under certain conditions. The race condition creates a use-after-free vulnerability, causing unspecified impacts.
A cross-site scripting vulnerability affecting QNAP NAS File Station could allow remote attackers to inject malicious code.
Drupal Core contains a remote code execution vulnerability that could allow an attacker to exploit multiple attack vectors on a Drupal site, resulting in complete site compromise.
Google Chromium WebP contains a heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to perform an out-of-bounds memory write via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability can affect applications that use the WebP Codec.
Nagios XI contains a remote code execution vulnerability in which a user can modify the check_plugin executable and insert malicious commands to execute as root.
Grandstream UCM6200 series is vulnerable to an unauthenticated remote SQL injection via crafted HTTP request. Exploitation can allow for code execution as root.
Cisco IOS XR Distance Vector Multicast Routing Protocol (DVMRP) incorrectly handles Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) packets. Exploitation could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to immediately crash the IGMP process or make it consume available memory and eventually crash.
Rejetto HTTP File Server contains an improper neutralization of special elements used in a template engine vulnerability. This allows a remote, unauthenticated attacker to execute commands on the affected system by sending a specially crafted HTTP request.
Adobe Flash Player contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows remote attackers to execute code or cause denial-of-service (DoS).
Microsoft Windows allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted OLE object.
F5 BIG-IP Configuration utility contains an authentication bypass using an alternate path or channel vulnerability due to undisclosed requests that may allow an unauthenticated attacker with network access to the BIG-IP system through the management port and/or self IP addresses to execute system commands. This vulnerability can be used in conjunction with CVE-2023-46748.
Veritas Backup Exec (BE) Agent contains a file access vulnerability that could allow an attacker to specially craft input parameters on a data management protocol command to access files on the BE Agent machine.
Android kernel contains a race condition, which allows for a use-after-free vulnerability. Exploitation can allow for privilege escalation.
D-Link DSL-2750B devices contain a command injection vulnerability that allows remote, unauthenticated command injection via the login.cgi cli parameter.
Roundcube Webmail is vulnerable to SQL injection via search or search_params.
VMware vCenter Server and Cloud Foundation Server contain a SSRF vulnerability due to improper validation of URLs in a vCenter Server plugin. This allows for information disclosure.
Trend Micro Apex One, OfficeScan, and Worry-Free Business Security on Microsoft Windows contain an improper access control vulnerability that may allow an attacker to manipulate a particular product folder to disable the security temporarily, abuse a specific Windows function, and attain privilege escalation.
Cisco IP Phones contain an improper input validation vulnerability for HTTP requests. Exploitation could allow an attacker to execute code remotely with root privileges or cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition.
Multiple D-Link routers contain a command injection vulnerability which can allow attackers to achieve full system compromise.
Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS contains multiple, unspecified vulnerabilities which can allow for remote code execution when chained.
A privilege escalation vulnerability exists when the Windows AppX Deployment Server improperly handles junctions.
Google Chromium Portals contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows a remote attacker, who has compromised the renderer process, to potentially perform a sandbox escape via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability affects web browsers that utilize Chromium, including Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge.
Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS GlobalProtect feature contains a command injection vulnerability that allows an unauthenticated attacker to execute commands with root privileges on the firewall.
Docker Desktop Community Edition contains a vulnerability that may allow local users to escalate privileges by placing a trojan horse docker-credential-wincred.exe file in %PROGRAMDATA%\DockerDesktop\version-bin\.
Mozilla Firefox contains a use-after-free vulnerability in XSLT parameter processing which can be exploited to perform arbitrary code execution.
NETGEAR confirmed multiple routers allow unauthenticated web pages to pass form input directly to the command-line interface, permitting remote code execution.
Progress WS_FTP Server contains a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability in the Ad Hoc Transfer module that allows an authenticated attacker to execute remote commands on the underlying operating system.
Microsoft Windows User Profile Service contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, and Safari WebKit contain an out-of-bounds read vulnerability that may disclose sensitive information when processing maliciously crafted web content. This vulnerability could impact HTML parsers that use WebKit, including but not limited to Apple Safari and non-Apple products which rely on WebKit for HTML processing.
SonicWall Email Security contains an improper privilege management vulnerability that allows an attacker to create an administrative account by sending a crafted HTTP request to the remote host. This vulnerability has known usage in a SonicWall Email Security exploit chain along with CVE-2021-20022 and CVE-2021-20023 to achieve privilege escalation.
RARLAB UnRAR on Linux and UNIX contains a directory traversal vulnerability, allowing an attacker to write to files during an extract (unpack) operation.
SysAid Server (on-premises version) contains a path traversal vulnerability that leads to code execution.
Arm Mali GPU Kernel Driver contains a use-after-free vulnerability that may allow a non-privileged user to gain root privilege and/or disclose information.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, and macOS WebKit contain an unspecified logic vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to execute code. This vulnerability could impact HTML parsers that use WebKit, including but not limited to Apple Safari and non-Apple products which rely on WebKit for HTML processing.
ForgeRock Access Management (AM) Core Server allows an attacker who sends a specially crafted HTTP request to one of three endpoints (/ccversion/Version, /ccversion/Masthead, or /ccversion/ButtonFrame) to execute code in the context of the current user (unless ForgeRock AM is running as root user, which the vendor does not recommend).
Microsoft Exchange Server contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for security feature bypass.
DotNetNuke (DNN) contains a vulnerability that may allow for remote code execution via cookie deserialization.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, and watchOS WebKit contain an unspecified vulnerability that allows for universal cross-site scripting (XSS) when processing maliciously crafted web content. This vulnerability could impact HTML parsers that use WebKit, including but not limited to Apple Safari and non-Apple products which rely on WebKit for HTML processing.
Mozilla Firefox and Thunderbird contain a type confusion vulnerability due to incorrect alias information in the IonMonkey JIT compiler when setting array elements.
Remote Code Execution in PAN-OS with GlobalProtect Portal or GlobalProtect Gateway Interface enabled.
Nagios XI contains a vulnerability which can lead to OS command injection on the Nagios XI server.
OleAut32.dll in OLE in Microsoft Windows allows remote attackers to remotely execute code via a crafted web site.
Linux kernel contains a position-independent executable (PIE) stack buffer corruption vulnerability in load_elf_ binary() that allows a local attacker to escalate privileges. 
D-Link DIR-820L contains an unspecified vulnerability in Device Name parameter in /lan.asp which allows for remote code execution.
Microsoft Win32k contains a privilege escalation vulnerability due to the component failing to properly handle objects in memory. Successful exploitation allows an attacker to run code in kernel mode.
A privilege escalation vulnerability exists when Windows AppXSVC improperly handles hard links. An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could run processes in an elevated context.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, and macOS contain an unspecified vulnerability involving input validation which can allow a local attacker to view sensitive user information.
Apache Kylin contains an OS command injection vulnerability which could permit an attacker to perform remote code execution.
Microsoft Windows SmartScreen contains a security feature bypass vulnerability that allows an attacker to bypass the SmartScreen user experience and inject code to potentially gain code execution, which could lead to some data exposure, lack of system availability, or both.
Dasan GPON Routers contain an authentication bypass vulnerability. When combined with CVE-2018-10561, exploitation can allow an attacker to perform remote code execution.
Samsung mobile devices contain an improper access control vulnerability in clipboard service which allows untrusted applications to read or write arbitrary files. This vulnerability was chained with CVE-2021-25369 and CVE-2021-25370.
Zyxel ATP, USG FLEX, VPN, and ZyWALL/USG firewalls allow for improper error message handling which could allow an unauthenticated attacker to execute OS commands remotely by sending crafted packets to an affected device.
Mozilla Firefox and Thunderbird contain a type confusion vulnerability that can occur when manipulating JavaScript objects due to issues in Array.pop, allowing for an exploitable crash.
Multiple NETGEAR devices contain a buffer overflow vulnerability that allows for authentication bypass and remote code execution.
Microsoft Internet Explorer contains a memory corruption vulnerability which can allow for remote code execution in the context of the current user.
Adobe Flash Player contains a use-after-free vulnerability that could allow for code execution.
There is a vulnerability in the implementation of the Common Industrial Protocol (CIP) feature in Cisco IOS could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause an affected device to reload, resulting in a denial of service.
Improper validation of recipient address in deliver_message() function in /src/deliver.c may lead to remote command execution.
Linux kernel fails to check all 64 bits of attr.config passed by user space, resulting to out-of-bounds access of the perf_swevent_enabled array in sw_perf_event_destroy(). Explotation allows for privilege escalation.
FXC AE1021 and AE1021PE contain an OS command injection vulnerability that allows authenticated users to execute commands via a network.
Realtek SDK contains an improper input validation vulnerability in the miniigd SOAP service that allows remote attackers to execute malicious code via a crafted NewInternalClient request.
A remote code execution vulnerability exists when MSDT is called using the URL protocol from a calling application such as Word. An attacker who successfully exploits this vulnerability can run code with the privileges of the calling application.
Ruckus Wireless Access Point (AP) software contains an unspecified vulnerability in the web services component. If the web services component is enabled on the AP, an attacker can perform cross-site request forgery (CSRF) or remote code execution (RCE). This vulnerability impacts Ruckus ZoneDirector, SmartZone, and Solo APs.
Stack-based buffer overflow in Adobe Reader and Adobe Acrobat allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
A vulnerability in Java deserialization used by Cisco Secure Access Control System (ACS) could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands on an affected device. The vulnerability is due to insecure deserialization of user-supplied content by the affected software.
Google Chromium V8 Engine contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to potentially exploit heap corruption via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
Atlassian Confluence Server and Data Center contain a remote code execution vulnerability that allows for an unauthenticated attacker to perform remote code execution.
Improper sanitization in the extension file names is present in Drupal core.
Multiple versions of Fortinet FortiOS SSL-VPN contain a heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability which can allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary code or commands via specifically crafted requests.
Path traversal vulnerability, where an attacker can target the preview FilePath parameter of the getPreviewImage function to get access to arbitrary system file.
Cisco IOS contains an unspecified vulnerability that may block further telnet, reverse telnet, Remote Shell (RSH), Secure Shell (SSH), and in some cases, Hypertext Transport Protocol (HTTP) access to the Cisco device.
Ivanti Endpoint Manager Mobile (EPMM, previously branded MobileIron Core) contains an authentication bypass vulnerability that allows unauthenticated access to specific API paths. An attacker with access to these API paths can access personally identifiable information (PII) such as names, phone numbers, and other mobile device details for users on a vulnerable system. An attacker can also make other configuration changes including installing software and modifying security profiles on registered devices.
Microsoft Enhanced Cryptographic Provider contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
VMware Tools contains an authentication bypass vulnerability in the vgauth module. A fully compromised ESXi host can force VMware Tools to fail to authenticate host-to-guest operations, impacting the confidentiality and integrity of the guest virtual machine. An attacker must have root access over ESXi to exploit this vulnerability.
Arm Bifrost and Valhall GPU kernel drivers contain a use-after-free vulnerability that allows a local, non-privileged user to make improper GPU memory processing operations to gain access to already freed memory.
Red Hat JBoss RichFaces Framework contains an expression language injection vulnerability via the UserResource resource. A remote, unauthenticated attacker could exploit this vulnerability to execute malicious code using a chain of Java serialized objects via org.ajax4jsf.resource.UserResource$UriData.
Adobe Flash Player contains a type confusion vulnerability which can allow for remote code execution.
Android Kernel contains a use-after-free vulnerability in binder.c that allows for privilege escalation from an application to the Linux Kernel. This vulnerability was observed chained with CVE-2020-0041 and CVE-2020-0069 under exploit chain "AbstractEmu."
Jenkins Script Security Plugin contains a protection mechanism failure, allowing an attacker to bypass the sandbox.
Apple iOS. iPadOS, macOS, and watchOS contain an integer overflow vulnerability that could allow an application to execute code with kernel privileges.
The ChakraCore scripting engine contains a type confusion vulnerability which can allow for remote code execution.
Microsoft Windows Event Tracing contains an unspecified vulnerability which can allow for privilege escalation.
Cisco IOS and IOS XE Software improperly validates packet data, allowing an unauthenticated, remote attacker to trigger a reload of an affected device, cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition, or perform code execution on the affected device.
A vulnerability in the web management interface of FatPipe WARP, IPVPN, and MPVPN software allows a remote, unauthenticated attacker to upload a file to any location on the filesystem.
A privilege escalation vulnerability exists when Windows AppX Deployment Service (AppXSVC) improperly handles hard links.
A vulnerability has been identified in the management interface of Citrix NetScaler SD-WAN Enterprise and Standard Edition and Citrix CloudBridge Virtual WAN Edition that could result in an unauthenticated, remote attacker being able to execute arbitrary code as a root user. This vulnerability also affects XenMobile Server.
Microsoft Win32k contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Microsoft Windows Print Spooler contains an unspecified vulnerability which allow for privilege escalation.
Fortinet FortiOS SSL VPN web portal contains a path traversal vulnerability that may allow an unauthenticated attacker to download FortiOS system files through specially crafted HTTP resource requests.
Google Chromium Blink contains a use-after-free vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to potentially exploit heap corruption via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
WordPress Snap Creek Duplicator plugin contains a file download vulnerability when an administrator creates a new copy of their site that allows an attacker to download the generated files from their Wordpress dashboard. This vulnerability affects Duplicator and Dulplicator Pro.
An elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when the DirectX Graphics Kernel (DXGKRNL) driver improperly handles objects in memory.
JScript in Microsoft Internet Explorer allows remote attackers to execute remote code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via a crafted web site.
Microsoft PowerPoint contains a buffer overflow vulnerability that alllows for remote code execution.
Microsoft Windows User Profile Service contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Apple iOS and iPadOS kernel contain an out-of-bounds write vulnerability which can allow an application to perform code execution with kernel privileges.
Delta Electronics DOPSoft 2 lacks proper validation of user-supplied data when parsing specific project files (improper input validation) resulting in an out-of-bounds write that allows for code execution.
The ExceptionDelegator component in Apache Struts 2 before 2.2.3.1 contains an improper input validation vulnerability that allows for remote code execution.
Microsoft Windows Local Security Authority (LSA) contains a spoofing vulnerability where an attacker can coerce the domain controller to authenticate to the attacker using NTLM.
Redis is prone to a (Debian-specific) Lua sandbox escape, which could result in remote code execution.
An input validation vulnerability exists in the VBoxDrv.sys driver of Sun xVM VirtualBox which allows attackers to locally execute arbitrary code.
RARLAB WinRAR contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows an attacker to execute code when a user attempts to view a benign file within a ZIP archive.
Microsoft Windows Adobe Font Manager Library contains an unspecified vulnerability when handling specially crafted multi-master fonts (Adobe Type 1 PostScript format) that allows for remote code execution for all systems except Windows 10. For systems running Windows 10, an attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerability could execute code in an AppContainer sandbox context with limited privileges and capabilities.
QNAP NAS devices running Photo Station contain an improper access control vulnerability allowing remote attackers to gain unauthorized access to the system.
Microsoft Internet Explorer contains a memory corruption vulnerability due to how the Scripting Engine handles objects in memory, leading to remote code execution.
Multiple Qualcomm Chipsets contain a use after free vulnerability due to improper handling of memory mapping of multiple processes simultaneously.
XStream contains a remote code execution vulnerability that allows an attacker to manipulate the processed input stream and replace or inject objects that result in the execution of a local command on the server. This vulnerability can affect multiple products, including but not limited to VMware Cloud Foundation.
Microsoft Internet Explorer contains a memory corruption vulnerability which can allow for remote code execution in the context of the current user.
Microsoft Windows CryptoAPI (Crypt32.dll) contains a spoofing vulnerability in the way it validates Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) certificates. An attacker could exploit the vulnerability by using a spoofed code-signing certificate to sign a malicious executable, making it appear the file was from a trusted, legitimate source. A successful exploit could also allow the attacker to conduct man-in-the-middle attacks and decrypt confidential information on user connections to the affected software. The vulnerability is also known under the moniker of CurveBall.
Zoho ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus contains an authentication bypass vulnerability affecting the REST API URLs which allow for remote code execution.
WebRTC, an open-source project providing web browsers with real-time communication, contains a heap buffer overflow vulnerability that allows an attacker to perform shellcode execution. This vulnerability impacts web browsers using WebRTC including but not limited to Google Chrome.
A vulnerability in the implementation of Network Address Translation (NAT) functionality in Cisco IOS could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to cause a denial of service.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, and Safari WebKit contain a use-after-free vulnerability that leads to code execution when processing maliciously crafted web content. This vulnerability could impact HTML parsers that use WebKit, including but not limited to Apple Safari and non-Apple products which rely on WebKit for HTML processing.
Cisco AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client for Windows interprocess communication (IPC) channel allows for insufficient validation of resources that are loaded by the application at run time. An attacker with valid credentials on Windows could execute code on the affected machine with SYSTEM privileges.
Directory traversal vulnerability in Arcserve UDP allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or cause a denial of service.
HTTP/2 contains a rapid reset vulnerability that allows for a distributed denial-of-service attack (DDoS).
SolarWinds Virtualization Manager allows for privilege escalation through leveraging a misconfiguration of sudo.
Apache Shiro contains a vulnerability which may allow remote attackers to execute code or bypass intended access restrictions via an unspecified request parameter when a cipher key has not been configured for the "remember me" feature.
Google Chromium V8 contains a type confusion vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to exploit heap corruption via a crafted HTML page. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
Fortinet FortiOS "execute restore src-vis" downloads code without integrity checking, allowing an attacker to arbitrarily download files.
Microsoft Windows Error Reporting Service contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows for privilege escalation.
Cisco NX-OS contains a command injection vulnerability in the command line interface (CLI) that could allow an authenticated, local attacker to execute commands as root on the underlying operating system of an affected device.
Netis WF2419 devices contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows an attacker to perform remote code execution as root through the router's web management page.
dotCMS ContentResource API contains an unrestricted upload of file with a dangerous type vulnerability that allows for directory traversal, in which the file is saved outside of the intended storage location. Exploitation allows for remote code execution.
Microsoft Windows AppX Installer contains a spoofing vulnerability which has a high impacts to confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
Google Chromium PopupBlocker contains an insufficient policy enforcement vulnerability that allows a remote attacker to bypass navigation restrictions via a crafted iframe. This vulnerability could affect multiple web browsers that utilize Chromium, including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Opera.
The Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) subsystem of Cisco IOS and IOS XE contains a vulnerability that could allow an authenticated, remote attacker to remotely execute code on an affected system or cause an affected system to reload.
sapi/cgi/cgi_main.c in PHP, when configured as a CGI script, does not properly handle query strings, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
ownCloud graphapi contains an information disclosure vulnerability that can reveal sensitive data stored in phpinfo() via GetPhpInfo.php, including administrative credentials.
GNU Bash through 4.3 processes trailing strings after function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute code.
Oracle Fusion Middleware Access Manager allows an unauthenticated attacker with network access via HTTP to takeover the Access Manager product.
Microsoft Office contains a memory corruption vulnerability that allows remote code execution in the context of the current user.
Oracle WebLogic Server contains an unspecified vulnerability that allows an unauthenticated attacker with network access via T3, IIOP, to compromise Oracle WebLogic Server.
A vulnerability in Cisco Small Business RV160, RV260, RV340, and RV345 Series Routers could allow an attacker to do any of the following: Execute arbitrary code elevate privileges, execute arbitrary commands, bypass authentication and authorization protections, fetch and run unsigned software, or cause a denial of service (DoS).
Cisco IOS XE Web UI contains a privilege escalation vulnerability in the web user interface that could allow a remote, unauthenticated attacker to create an account with privilege level 15 access. The attacker can then use that account to gain control of the affected device.
The Treck TCP/IP stack contains an IPv6 out-of-bounds read vulnerability.
Serialized-object interfaces in certain IBM analytics, business solutions, cognitive, IT infrastructure, and mobile and social products allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands
Rhttproxy as used in vCenter Server contains a vulnerability due to improper implementation of URI normalization.
A code injection vulnerability in the User Portal and Webadmin of Sophos Firewall allows for remote code execution.
Apple iOS, iPadOS, macOS, and Safari WebKit contain an unspecified vulnerability that leads to code execution when processing maliciously crafted web content. This vulnerability could impact HTML parsers that use WebKit, including but not limited to Apple Safari and non-Apple products which rely on WebKit for HTML processing.
OSGeo GeoServer JAI-EXT contains a code injection vulnerability that, when programs use jt-jiffle and allow Jiffle script to be provided via network request, could allow remote code execution.